The patient is seriously injured
No vital signs. Sorry
Madam
I beg you to save him
I beg you.
As long as he can
I can give you anything you want
I beg you
Mom mom
Shin Shin
You're not dead, are you?
little master
Don't be sad anymore, little master.
The adults have gone
He loves you the most in his life
He is in the spirit of heaven
I definitely don't want to see you sad.
Xiao Wu
Adults have cried from time to time in the military over the years
I think you are a great doctor
You haven't recovered yet
It can't be like this.
You eat something and watch out for him
Put your body
You have to take him too
i
My mom is not dead
My mom's not dead
You two get out of here
Go out go out
Go out lord
Ah mom
You are the god of war
You can't die.
I just found my mom
I grew up without a mother.
I always envy other children for having a mother
Why don't I have a mother?
I still have so many things I haven't done with you
You haven't scolded me yet
I haven't eaten your cooking yet.
I still want to fly a kite with you
Wake up, okay?
Ah ah wake up
Wake up wow wake up
Mom doctor
Doctor doctor no no
Hurry up doctor hurry up
Come on.